>>DAVID WILCOCK: Welcome
back to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and we're here
with our special
guest, Emery Smith,
continuing our fascinating
discussion about the co-workers
that he actually interacted
with as live beings
while in the
underground facilities.
Emery, welcome back.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks, Dave.
Excited to be here.
>>DAVID: What was the very first
extraterrestrial that you saw
on these bases--
the first time you actually
saw a living being that
was not human like us?
>>SMITH: That's the Tall Whites.
>>DAVID: Oh, OK.
>>SMITH: Yeah, absolutely.
>>DAVID: So could you
tell us a little bit more
about that first meeting?
Because obviously I would
think the very first time
you actually see a living being
that's clearly not one of us,
it has to be just
an absolute landmark
moment in your entire life.
>>SMITH: Well
actually, indirectly,
by seeing these from
afar, and seeing these
through different windows
and different programs,
and then reading about them, I
had a really good understanding
of what was going on
way before I was even
getting able to see these,
by researching programs
that I was allowed to.
So they're breaking
you in first just
by watching videos, and reading
books, and reading things
on their database
system that have
to do with the past of
working with these beings
and these creatures.
>>DAVID: So let's open up
this Tall White discussion,
because there has been
some confusion in terms
of, for example,
certain discrepancies
between the whistleblower
named Charles Hall,
and what he called
Tall Whites, whose
eyes seemed to be more like
Greys, but had a bluish tinge.
We have Pete Peterson who's
described his experience
with Tall Whites, and he
said that it doesn't really
mean any one type.
It just is a classification
based on their appearance.
And Corey has his experiences
with the Anshar, which
appear to be very much more
human-like, but as they age,
they will get taller eventually.
So what would you
call tall whites?
Just give us a description
of what they look like,
and any other specific
physical identifying details
to start with.
>>SMITH: Sure.
They're over seven feet tall.
They have a small face, a
little bit smaller than ours.
They're very
slender in the arms.
Very ectomorphic
as we would say.
They have a very fluid movement
that's actually like a dance.
So it's kind of like
this-- when they move,
they're articulating
their joints,
and their limbs are
flexible, not like ours,
which are really rigid.
They also have a very
deep understanding
of all of our belief systems,
and they're very compassionate,
and they're very smart.
And I've seen them
from afar probably
six to seven months
before I actually--
was actually next to a few
of them during a project.
>>DAVID: So if I
gather correctly, then,
the face would be predominantly
like ours, but just smaller.
>>SMITH: It's slender.
I hate to bring up movies,
but in the Star Wars movies,
there was a group
of tall white beings
that we're making clones of
one of the soldiers there,
and they were in
charge of this planet,
and they had this really
slender, beautiful, oval face
with these really beautiful eyes
that took most of the face up.
So the eyes were at least two
times to three times larger
than our own eyes, and their
nose was almost non-existent--
very small, very petite,
kind of like an Asian nose,
with just very small
nostrils, and beautiful lips,
and a nice small mouth.
>>DAVID: So the eyes are a
very prominent feature, then--
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: --but they would be
almost like one of these Anime
characters in the sense
that it still looks human,
but they're just a lot larger.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
The eyes are oval, and they're
offset about 20 degrees.
So they are like this.
Ours are this way, but
there's is offset just a hair,
so it's coming this
way, through the ovals.
>>DAVID: So more of a Russian
or Scandinavian look, then?
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: And when I
refer to the Tall Whites,
I am not referring to the
blond blue-eyed tall people
from Scandinavia that you hear
a lot in pop culture of those.
These are--
>>DAVID: Like the
so-called Nordics.
>>SMITH: Correct, the Nordics.
I mean, their skin
is just ash white.
It is so white that
they actually--
light comes off of them
and reflects off of them.
It's a really
beautiful type of skin,
kind of like a sheen to it.
But very white, and very long
fingers, and regular feet
like we have.
>>DAVID: Are they bald?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: There there's no hair.
I've never seen
hair on any of them.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: They do wear clothes
and uniforms like we do,
usually skin-tight
types of clothing.
They have a very intricate
internal organ system
that is capable of
living on almost
any planet or any atmosphere.
So they can breathe a
lot of different types
of gaseous chemicals,
and different gases that
would normally kill one of us.
And they have a very
small chest, in a V shape.
>>DAVID: So it definitely
doesn't look like a Grey.
>>SMITH: No.
>>DAVID: It would be like
a bald person like us,
with white skin, but
a more skinny-looking
face who's just really tall.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DAVID: One of the
things that Pete
described about these beings
was that they would have a wand.
Did you ever notice
them carrying a wand--
>>SMITH: No, I never--
>>DAVID: --or any type of tools?
>>SMITH: I never seen
them have a wand,
but they did wear these
special bracelets,
and these special
collar-type things.
And I don't know
if it has something
to do with their
internal organ system.
But I wasn't really
debriefed that much.
That's all they told me.
>>DAVID: OK.
Did you have any idea as to
what those bracelets or collars
might function for?
>>SMITH: Well they
had lights on them,
and these lights were like a
blue ribbon around the center
of the collar.
So the collar was
about an inch thick--
I mean an inch wide--
very thin, and in the
middle of that collar,
maybe a quarter of an inch, was
a stripe that went around it.
And this light rotated
around this blue centerpiece,
and it was always on, and
it was always coincided
with the bracelets they had on.
>>DAVID: They rotated in phase?
>>SMITH: The light--
yeah, they both rotated
in the exact same phase.
Yeah.
>>DAVID: So did you ever
have an intuitive sense,
or did you try to guess as
to what that might be for?
>>SMITH: I think
it has something
to do with maybe, when they
travel to different places,
this helps with getting certain
nutrients, and chemicals,
and minerals, and vitamins
into their body somehow.
I think it's somehow keeping
their voltage up, and keeping
them energized.
>>DAVID: The version
of Tall Whites
that Pete was
talking about, which
may not be the same, he
said that they really
have trouble getting too
close to humans like us,
that it's almost a
psychic mess for them.
Did you observe them in some
degree wanting to keep distance
from regular earth humans?
>>SMITH: Not these Tall
Whites, but yes, there
have been other
Hybrid Whites that
are over-sensitized by
our fields of energy
because they're picking up on
every cellular energy we have.
It's not like we're all in one
sync to this other white race
of ETs, and I think it
has to do with we carry
a lot of bacteria-- good
bacteria, and bad bacteria,
and viruses on us,
and they all give off
this special pulse of energy,
and it's overwhelming for them,
and they can actually get
sick by being around a human
too much.
So I think that's what
he's referring to.
>>DAVID: Describe
for me the first time
that you encountered
a Tall White,
because this is where
we're saying now,
you saw him through
the window, you
might had some briefings or
something, the first time
that you actually
are face to face
with a non-terrestrial entity.
>>SMITH: They were brought
in on a number of occasions,
working on humans that
have deceased for unknown--
I don't know why--
unknown reasons.
>>DAVID: Earth humans?
>>SMITH: Earth humans.
But they obviously were
very concerned about this,
and they would be brought
in, and worked with the team.
And I had two of
them at one time
in the same room that
I was working on taking
some samples from somebody.
>>DAVID: Was it easy to tell
the difference between men
and women?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
There was a feminine--
more slender facial features,
and the eyes were a little
bit not as large, and the
eyebrows also-- not eyebrows,
but you can see
there was a tinge
of an eyebrow, but not hair.
It was just like the pigment
was different above the eyes,
a little bit off
white, I'll say.
And you could tell by those two
reasons, just facial features.
The bodies looked
pretty much identical.
And I'd never seen
them walk around.
They always had some sort
of clothing on or something.
>>DAVID: And what did
that clothing look like?
>>SMITH: The same.
It was always some sort
of skin tight apparel,
like a Spandex of some sort.
They always did have
gloves on all the time.
So this clothing material
was covering pretty much
their whole body except
their neck and face.
>>DAVID: I'm curious
about what was
their form of communication.
Did they speak
with their mouths?
>>SMITH: They're
very telepathic.
They can speak perfect
English, and other languages--
all the languages actually.
But you don't have to because
they will just look at you.
And they say, when you have
the look, please look back,
because it's this eye
thing that they do.
When you see their
eyes and your eyes,
it's like a link
of some sort, where
it's like the-- however
it works, it's downloaded,
everything that they're
thinking, to you,
and they're very
receptive to you
as well, like they
know everything
about you once you meet them.
>>DAVID: So if you were to
have an unloving or judgmental
thought about the
way they look--
because I'm sure
this happen sometime.
>>SMITH: Definitely happens.
>>DAVID: What would occur?
Let's just walk through
a situation where--
>>SMITH: They don't--
they don't react to that,
because they know that
sometimes it takes a little time
for people to get used to them
because they're different,
and the same thing, I think,
would happen to us if we were
thrown into their world.
We would have to
be really egoless,
and have to accept that
maybe I won't be liked
because of the way I looked,
or because I know everything
that you're thinking
right now, which is OK.
It's so what, and then what?
>>DAVID: So I really do
want to get a little more
specific on the exact moment
that you first made eye contact
with a non-terrestrial being.
Where were you?
What was it like
that first moment
you looked into its eyes?
>>SMITH: We were getting
dressed with our suits
to go into an operating room.
And their suits are a lot
different than our suits,
of course.
Theirs are for their bodies.
And I just noticed
as the technicians
was helping them get dressed
and Ziploc their suits up,
the fluid motion they had,
of going into the suit.
It was very fluid, and being
at the operating table,
and I was helping them
with some instruments.
And they moved so
fluidly, and so--
but it's really fast.
They move fast, but
it's just this dance.
It's really interesting.
So I don't want you think
it's like super slow,
but it was the fluidness of,
you know, their bodies are--
like I said, their
bones are very flexible,
unlike our bones.
But they do have the five
fingers, and the hands.
They're just longer fingers,
and the palms are more square,
not round like ours.
And those are some of
the features that I knew.
I remember looking at them,
not even saying anything,
and it was like a greeting.
It was as we're
getting ready to go in,
and we looked at each other,
and just the word, greeting,
came to me.
It wasn't a voice, it was
just the word, greetings.
And I remember, in my
mind, looking at them
and saying the same thing in my
mind, and they cracked a smile.
You know, I could see-- they
have the same facial features.
Their eyes move up and down.
They can move their
nose, and they
have muscles in their face.
>>DAVID: Could they throw things
in your mind, like colors,
symbols, visual
images of places?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: Give you a
holographic type of--
>>SMITH: Yes.
They even have a way, if they
want to teach you something
that you don't know, to
basically download that
into your brain--
into your consciousness
--in a matter of seconds.
So you could learn
something pretty quick
that they're doing on
the table from being just
across the table from them.
>>DAVID: When you were working
with them in these autopsies,
you had mentioned
that sometimes they
were concerned about
humans from here who
had died in strange ways.
What were some of the
other circumstances
that they were called in?
>>SMITH: Really tough cases
where there might have not--
that they would not know why
this ET or this human died.
>>DAVID: "They" meaning
the people on the base.
>>SMITH: The people on the
base would give them, probably,
the most difficult cases.
>>DAVID: To the Tall Whites.
>>SMITH: Yeah, to
the Tall Whites.
And sometimes they
would not allow us
in the rooms with those
types of patients,
but we were part of a team.
You have to understand, even
though you're not in the room,
you still can be working
on the outside of the room
looking in, and helping
get supplies and things.
>>DAVID: Can you recall
a specific example
of an autopsy that was not of a
person from Earth that involved
a Tall White, and just tell
us what type of being it was,
and why was it so hard to solve.
>>SMITH: Well this falls under
the chemical thing again.
We do get beings that come in--
other Hybrid Whites
that look shorter.
They're about our
height, our size,
but they're very,
very white, and they
have crystal clear blue eyes.
They always have white
or blond hair, so--
and they have ears, unlike--
the Tall Whites don't
really have ears,
but the human Hybrid
Whites, I call them,
actually do have ears, and
they look kind of like us,
and their teeth
are very different.
Their teeth are round.
So they're, like, half-mooned,
not square like ours,
and it is weird.
You don't really see
their teeth too much.
And we were working
on this one that
was brought in that had these--
looks like burned
injection spots that
ran up and down their
chest, and there
was about six little holes--
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, all the
way down to the belly button.
And it looked like it was some
sort of weapon that burned it
into their skin, but in the
middle of these circular burns
were three dots that
looked like a triangle,
if you could attach lines
to them, a perfect triangle.
And they were trying to
figure out what type of weapon
killed this Hybrid White, and
why, and where did it happen.
They can actually
attach themselves
to the brain of a dead being,
and download its information
to their head, and
they can find out
how did this happen, where did
it happen, who's responsible,
and figure out a whole
story within minutes.
>>DAVID: Wow.
So what was the conclusion?
Were you aware of the
conclusion of how it died?
>>SMITH: No, I was
not aware, but they
did know what happened, and they
did look very sad about this.
You can see the
anguish on their face.
>>DAVID: When you saw a
movie like "Men In Black,"
what was your
feeling about that,
where you have Will
Smith, and there
are agents working in these
underground facilities with all
these extraterrestrials around?
What was your feeling
when you saw that film?
>>SMITH: I'm really
not a big fan of that.
I don't like when
Hollywood makes
fun of extraterrestrials
as some sort of game,
or some sort of horrible threat.
And I did not resonate
with that movie at all.
But there are many
movies out there,
and animation, where
extraterrestrials are portrayed
very well, such as the one
that you and I saw recently,
called--
was it "Valerian?"
>>DAVID: Yeah, "Valerian."
>>SMITH: Yeah, and these
ET's looked exactly
like these Tall Whites.
And I remember, wasn't
there a part in there
where the United Nations of
ETs were coming together,
and there was all
different kinds?
>>DAVID: That's right.
Right at the beginning.
>>SMITH: Yeah, that was
a very accurate depiction
of the many different
kinds of extraterrestrials
that are out there that have
to bring their own environment.
One was like a
fish or something.
It had an aquarium on his head.
And of course that's kind of
funny, but it actually is true.
We talk about ET's
wearing things
that are from
either their planet,
to keep the energy
correct, and also they
might have to have a special
helmet just for their head
to sustain their life.
So that was a really good--
I was impressed with the
screenwriters, and the writers,
and the animators that did that.
>>DAVID: Now Corey Goode, when
he had his first experience
on the moon in modern
times, so he says,
encountered an avian
type of humanoid
that apparently nobody in the
space program had seen before.
And this is the blue avian--
we talked about this.
I know you've seen the image.
>>SMITH: I've seen this image.
>>DAVID: So did you
ever see any type
of Avian humanoids yourself,
such as these Blue Avians,
or other types
that were similar?
>>SMITH: Yeah, similar to that,
but not specifically like that.
They were very human-like, and
they had very small feathers
and large skin pores, but
they, for the most part,
looked more human
than they did a bird.
But they did have these
attributes of certain things.
They didn't have a nose.
They did have, like,
a small beak there,
but the beak actually
had teeth in it.
And they didn't have the
kind of head you would see--
it wasn't like an
exact bird head,
and the eyes were flat
across, just like ours,
but they could see perfectly
straight this way, instead of--
a bird probably has
more on the outside.
So very more-- like I said,
more human than anything,
but had very small
wing feather--
little skin flaps under
their arms, and lots
of feathers on the
back, but not so much
on the face and
the chest at all.
>>DAVID: Did any of them have
tropical colors like a toucan,
or how did they look?
>>SMITH: Yeah, they did.
There were turquoise ones with
a beautiful purple, white, and
turquoise fading, in and
out, up and down the body.
So it might start with
a blue head and neck,
and then fade to white, and
then maybe a light purple down
towards the feet.
But they had feet like we
have feet, but it was--
>>DAVID: They didn't
look like bird feet.
>>SMITH: No, not at all.
But like I said, the only
thing that gave it away was
the facial features
and the feathers,
and that very scaly-type skin--
a very porous skin.
>>DAVID: Well this is kind
of ridiculous, but how would
you compare it to
Howard the Duck?
>>SMITH: No.
Not like that.
>>DAVID: Because that's a
beak that really protrudes.
>>SMITH: That's a
big duck bill beak.
But no, I never seen anything
like a big beak like that,
except for the pterodactyl.
>>DAVID: Pterodactyl being
sounds kind of disturbing.
>>SMITH: It does look
probably scary to most people,
because it's got these dragon
attributes of these wings
with hands, but it has legs just
like we do-- very thin legs,
kind of like the Ant People.
And they have very
small wings that
are attached like a fruit bat.
The arms are part of the wings.
And they always have
a device with them,
and this one was carrying
a cylindrical device
in its arm, like this,
with its claw around it,
and this one-- this pterodactyl
being had an actual claw.
It had the long, pointy beak
that came all the way back--
you know the one that has--
the actual bone structure
actually goes farther back.
And they communicate
through a series
of loud, high-pitched
tones, not like an owl,
not like a bird chirping, but
just high-pitched tonality.
>>DAVID: Did you ever see any
of these pterodactyl beings
while you were in the
underground bases?
>>SMITH: Yes.
On the very deep, deep
levels of these bases,
we were informed
that they were there,
and they had to do with
some sort of consciousness,
and I want to say
religion, but it's not.
It's a study of some
sort of history long,
and I've forgotten.
And they are sent in to--
they're like the people who
put the puzzles together,
are these beings, and they can
move things with their mind.
They have telekinetic energies,
and they can move small things
around the rooms,
and there might
be anywhere from one
to four of these beings
looking at something,
and moving things around
in these think tank
rooms, they call them.
>>DAVID: Why do
you think they were
kept at the bottom of the base?
>>SMITH: I believe that,
because of the way they look,
because they do look like
a type of flying dragon,
and I think because
they don't do well
with being around a lot
of other extraterrestrials
for some reason.
They seem to need a lot of
space when they move around.
So there's areas-- they just
can't walk through a door,
leastwise they're very
abstract, bulky-looking.
And you know, just turning
their head, they could--
these things can be--
just their heads alone could be
up to three to four feet long,
and just by turning their head
they can knock a lot of stuff
over.
So there's a special
place down there for them
that they are allowed to
do these, which I don't
know what the programs are.
I just know they're
the thought-thinkers.
They're the puzzle-solvers,
they call them.
>>DAVID: I want to run
something by you that I've
heard from some other insiders.
Some of what I've heard-- and
this is actually from more than
one guy has told me this--
certain ET groups apparently
were worried about a reptilian
sentient life on Earth becoming
really dominant and aggressive
to other species.
And the 65 million
year old cataclysm
that hit the earth apparently
was intended to wipe them out.
And it was at that
time that the moon,
which apparently is a used car--
and I talked about this William
Tompkins--
was then parked around the Earth
to create a seasonal climate
that would allow mammalian
life rather than reptilian life
to become dominant.
I wonder if you ever heard about
that scenario of the dinosaur
catastrophe being a
planned event to wipe out
sentient reptilians?
>>SMITH: I have
heard of a event that
was intentional to destroy
the Earth because reptilians
were not allowed on it anymore,
because of Inner Earth beings,
and also dates back to Atlantis,
and Lumeria, and whatnot,
that there was this
war of some sort,
that they were being
utilized and used
by these reptilians, the Draco,
or whatever you call them.
And that's what I read in some
of the history books in there.
But I don't know how
accurate that is, because it
was written not as a document.
It was like someone
was just telling
you what happened back then.
And there has been
archaeological finds
in the Vatican
from this time that
depicts reptilian beings
destroying Aquifarians
and other beings of that time.
So I think it's a
high probable cause
to put two and two
together to say yeah,
I would agree with that.
>>DAVID: I'm curious
about whether you ever
saw something that would look
like the Yeti or the Bigfoot
while you were working
in these facilities,
because some people have
reported things like that.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I mean, I
have personal experience with
the Bigfoot, and the
skunk apes, and the Yetis,
and all the different types of--
I remember in my teen years,
around 16 years of age,
there was a large white
Chewbacca-type being,
eight or nine feet tall, and I
was camping out in Florida down
in south, near the Everglades.
And it was probably
around 150 yards away.
It was far, but it
was an open field.
It was at dawn.
And I just saw this being
walking next to the fence line.
And it was like five feet
higher than the fence
posts, which were
four feet tall.
And the stride of this thing
was, like, over six feet.
And I literally
stopped in my tracks
and watched this thing
walk all the way across.
And when I go back
and check the dates--
now that there is
these things online,
you can look for spottings
of these extraterrestrials--
I've noticed that
in the area I was,
this being has been seen many,
many times by many people,
and that was a great
confirmation for me.
It was greater
confirmation for me
when I started
working in the labs
to actually see these beings.
These beings have been
here a very long time.
They work with the
Inner Earth beings.
They're here to
collect and gather
data and DNA from all the living
species, and plants, and water,
and animals in the water,
and fish and everything,
and they're cataloging
this, and putting it
on a type of vault
somewhere in order
to preserve what
Earth really is--
kind of a museum
for Earth somewhere.
And that's why you can
never get these guys on film
too much, because they have
the ability to teletransport
themselves at will.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
And they can be very
mysterious, and get out
of somewhere really quick.
>>DAVID: Well I just
want to say this.
It is amazing that we don't
have a widespread understanding
of the reality of Bigfoot
given the thousands
and thousands of eyewitness
sightings, the tracings
of footprints, the very bizarre
cases of property damage,
where fingernail marks have
clawed right through vehicles,
things like this.
Why do you think we have
such a hard time accepting
these eyewitness
testimony as a Bigfoot?
>>SMITH: Well, you know,
these are very large animals.
I don't consider them
too much human, I'll say.
But they have a consciousness,
and they have a job to do.
And they're probably
the lowest-maintenance
extraterrestrial that I know.
And what that means
is they can be
dropped on a planet
with nothing,
and gather these items, and
catalog them, and store them
somewhere, and then, like
the movie "Predator," where
they come down and hunt people,
and then take all their skulls
back.
So imagine this guy just
coming down and snatching up
a bunch of lavender and daisies.
[CHUCKLING]
>>DAVID: So they're not
doing anything violent?
>>SMITH: No.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: No, they're
not allowed to.
They're actually
prohibited from hurting
any type of living creature.
So they could take your hair,
but they can't take your head.
>>DAVID: So what
you're describing here
sounds like a fairly
intelligent being.
Do they have
communication skills?
Could they speak, or do
they have a telepathic--
>>SMITH: Yeah, they're the other
ones that use their vocal cords
to the voice, and
also they can do--
like elephants have this ability
to send these large thumps
through the ground,
and these things
can be heard for miles, and
miles, and miles, and miles
away by another elephant.
So they have that
ability, and that's
why people here
really weird shrieks.
They hear really
weird thumping sounds.
People usually say it's someone
banging on a tree or something,
and not so much that.
And they can communicate that
way too if they, let's say,
have a sore belly and they
can't use their diaphragm
to make these noises.
>>DAVID: There do seem to be
different types of Bigfoot.
And so since we're
out of time now,
I just want to
round this out with,
do you think that there might
be some that are not necessarily
on this mission, and are less
intelligent, and more primal
and dangerous?
>>SMITH: I've read some
documents in my classified,
compartmentalized projects
that stated that they have--
if they get sick or
something happens to them,
they cannot use their
teletransportation abilities,
and they get lost or left
behind on many planets,
and they have to stay
there indefinitely.
And these are some of the lost
ones that are hiding in the--
but they're very adaptable,
and they like to work alone.
They're very solitude-type
extraterrestrials
that I heard only mate
maybe once a lifetime.
>>DAVID: If they were
going to teletransport back
to where they came from,
where would that be?
Do you know anything
about their origins?
>>SMITH: No, I don't know
anything about their origins,
but I know they know-- they have
an indistinctive way to trace
portals on the Earth--
natural portals on the
Earth, not man-made portals,
that they know where to
go, and they might travel
vast distances to do that.
But they will never
go through a city,
or they're not allowed to
interact with the beings
from any planet.
>>DAVID: Last
question, real quick,
did you see them in
the underground bases?
Was there some loophole
where they could actually
work with us in these
classified facilities?
>>SMITH: I've only
seen dead ones.
>>DAVID: Oh, really?
So they didn't actually work
in these underground bases
with the rest of us.
>>SMITH: They said-- there's
some rumors that they have.
And I have seen things from
far away that look like them.
And there is catalogs of
them being on the base,
but I'd have not worked
physically with one.
>>DAVID: OK, cool.
Well, Emery, this is
really fascinating.
I want to thank you for
coming out and giving us
all this amazing information.
>>SMITH: Thanks.
>>DAVID: And I want to
thank you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure" with
our special guest, Emery Smith.
[TITLE MUSIC PLAYING]